[12340] Improve documentation about callback conflicts (#280)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/dds_layer/core/entity/entity.rst

  Listeners inheritance diagram.

.. note::

   The |SubscriberListener::on_data_on_readers-api| callback intercepts messages before
   |DataReaderListener::on_data_available-api|.

>    This implies that if |DomainParticipantListener-api| is enabled, the user should take into account that by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This implies that if |DomainParticipantListener-api| is enabled, users should take into account that by default
```

   the listener uses |StatusMask::all-api|.
   As the callback entity hierachy is kept, the |SubscriberListener::on_data_on_readers-api| is going to be called
   in this case.

>    If the user wants to use |DataReaderListener::on_data_available-api| instead, the corresponding bit of
>    |StatusMask-api| should be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If an application wants to use |DataReaderListener::on_data_available-api| instead, the corresponding bit of
   |StatusMask-api| should be disabled.
```
